however govern from Playa back here and
would like to introduce you to two other
watercraft Wireless ml or game maps now
as you can probably already tell by the
name it's geared for games of World of
Warcraft but that doesn't really give
that you can use it for games like door
to League of Legends
you can even use for FPS games like
Battlefield fresh Sniper Elite v2 cod
Jew black ops etcetera etcetera and this
particular mouse has blue LEDs and I
should probably tell Weaver being a
World of Warcraft months it is made by a
Dinge company SteelSeries now obviously
we've come to get quite accustomed to
still see approach over the years with
World of Warcraft like the old dead body
Bob's even down to the new league of
Legends gear which is just recently come
on now obviously taking a look at the
box itself you can see what about
clearly on display here
it's got like a bulky graphic pan with
all LEDs it is made by steel series as
you can see there and it is licensed by
Blizzard which means there is an
authenticated product people obviously
when you're buying gear like an issue
he's better to have an authentic it but
if you have a can handle a design of the
product now obviously if you open the
box what
to call himself of all the warcraft
miles itself and if you take a look at
the packaging it's got obviously a
diagram of what the mouse has so it's
got 2.4 wireless technology al 11
programmable buttons a beautifully
crafted charge and stand which is what
they call it high performance gaming
great laser sensor and father was of
illumination of pulsation so he changed
other than steel series software that
comes and probably given that it's still
same as it probably have to be
downloaded from the website as the usual
don't put discs I'm gonna come in the
prayer throats anymore
so let's take a look inside now open the
box is quite simple almost has two tabs
damaged open which I've already pre
opened beforehand just to make a lot
easier now the first end to come out s
the actual mouse itself and as you can
see ya you see a different program or
buttons it is economical so you can use
it with both your right or your left
hand and it has buttons it has a trigger
button yeah it has one two three four
five six buttons death it has two points
I've said it in mouse wheel the mouse
wheel is made of rubber and it does
obviously you do feel a bit of
resistance on it which is always a good
thing in my opinion with mice and it has
a main button here now the thing I do
like about this mouse is if you take a
look at the back it's got connect button
being Wireless it's got an on-off switch
it's also good there's a can't contact
for challenging on a docking station but
a thing that's really interesting about
this mouse is if you do happen to start
when an hour juice especially if you're
reading or you know the battlefield 3
game it has a USB port there so instead
of plugging it into the base you can put
the cable straight in a normally you'll
be wired you're charging on the Gulf now
let's take a look
bass just have to get now we have the
base now this is the charging base and
also the wireless receiver of the month
so put it into your computer you've got
put on there to connect it to the month
still obviously you might be out like a
LAN party of things I can suddenly get a
festive a lot wherever you decide my
girlfriend thought you might have much
and mouse allows you to connect they'll
put your base in your base only now it
was use a two point four frequently
gigahertz frequency which it's pretty
standard Wireless love six days and now
beautiful thing is that's how the
located switched on they flip the switch
back and as you can see away when it's
blue but another good feature of the
mouse as well is when you turn the base
on and you can you pair the two mice it
illuminates also now just assure you
I've already taken out the USB cable
dryer and put on box in the mouth so I
hope this comes quickly put the camera
in fire you now that turn the follow
lights you can see the illumination
effect of the mouse itself no as you can
see it's very very bright has free
different and was the elimination
obviously one of them which is the
fourth which increase off so if you look
at the stand another closer you can see
the markings which is like used like
runes basically and obviously when you
plug the actual mouse in to be charged
down the delay it goes off and a red
light will come on at the top here this
should show the mouse is charging take
it off on both will illuminate back up
again now really do you like the months
I mean it feels quite solid it is made
of plastic and would have been nice
obviously for a hundred-pound
I would expect I'd expect a little bit
better to be honest but obviously for
details that be done performance testing
in the written review but as you can see
the mouse is pretty epic and that's what
it's supposed to be an epic while the
Warcraft Gaming Mouse now if I unplug
the docking station and put the mouse in
directly it charges the mouse now one of
the main features of this mouse is
SteelSeries claimed to have around 16
hours of use before you have to recharge
it which is pretty good obviously some
people do tend to play well the Warcraft
for that long a day and we won games I
might have used to play along but you
know I was a long time ago I didn't
still play well to walk up so is it's
gonna get some further testing and no
time to turn back on the lights so the
film books of the World of Warcraft MMO
gaming mouse as you can see is wireless
as I have mentioned before there will be
a written review and which you can find
in the link underneath in the
description and this will be a more
detailed review going the software which
doesn't come with it obviously does come
in booklets or it's only a quick start
guide and a warranty information leaflet
which quite frankly I would explain to
put a Suzy and given that you paying a
wonderful plan for it and but will it be
in a world of warcraft malice did you
assume you have an internet connection
and which isn't a bad thing and right I
prefer to download software off the
computer
as opposed to do it from disk because
you generally get an outdated version on
disk anyway so but there you go
so that was as well the Warcraft
Wireless and then or game on us my name
is Gavin from played on that please
click on the link then if you want to
check in in-depth pilot review and yeah
that's pretty much it
so thanks for watching and if you like
my video please leave a like subscribe
as well we will be doing some
competitions and thanks very much
ciao for now